We plan to live in the provincial capital tomorrow
Xiaoxue is also going back to work in the company
Mom, I heard you went to college for a few years
I wanted to take you to the hospital again
What do you think?
Mom, thank you.
But I have no plans to go to college.
I'm not going there. What do you want?
Can you tell your mother what's on your heart?
Mom, I want to do crafts
eat
Craft what craft do you have
No diploma
You can only go out and move bricks
What's wrong with moving bricks?
How many babysitters are the worst for working people?
How does everybody feel?
I'll tell you I won't agree anyway
This kid should have a temper
Ah, why is Xiaoxue so good?
What about this card?
200,000 20 for you right away
The password is six zeros.
With this money?
Stay here and take care of you
It's more convenient.
hide
For what?
What's wrong with not loving mom?
I'll be right back
Mom, let me go home